4. 

To prove that the language ğ¿ that accepts all strings of even length is not TM-recognizable or TM-corecognizable, we can use a diagonalization argument. 

Assume for contradiction that ğ¿ is TM-recognizable. Then there exists a Turing machine ğ‘€ that recognizes ğ¿, i.e., ğ‘€ halts and accepts any input string of even length, and either halts and rejects or loops forever on any input string of odd length.

Let's construct a new Turing machine ğ‘ that enumerates all possible strings in lexicographic order and simulates ğ‘€ on each string in turn. If ğ‘€ accepts a string, ğ‘ outputs the string, and if ğ‘€ rejects or loops forever on a string, ğ‘ moves on to the next string.

We can now construct a new string ğ‘  as follows: if the ğ‘–-th symbol of the ğ‘–-th string in lexicographic order is "0", then the ğ‘–-th symbol of ğ‘  is "1", and if the ğ‘–-th symbol of the ğ‘–-th string in lexicographic order is "1", then the ğ‘–-th symbol of ğ‘  is "0". Since ğ‘  has odd length, ğ‘€ either rejects or loops forever on ğ‘ .

Now consider the set of all possible strings, both even and odd length. Since ğ‘€ is a recognizer for ğ¿, it recognizes all even length strings. By construction, ğ‘ will eventually output every even length string. However, since ğ‘  is odd length, ğ‘€ will reject or loop forever on ğ‘ , and ğ‘ will never output ğ‘ . Therefore, ğ¿ cannot be recognized by any Turing machine, and is not TM-recognizable.

Similarly, assume for contradiction that ğ¿ is TM-corecognizable. Then there exists a Turing machine ğ‘€' that corecognizes ğ¿, i.e., ğ‘€' halts and rejects any input string of even length, and either halts and accepts or loops forever on any input string of odd length.

Let's construct a new Turing machine ğ‘' that enumerates all possible strings in lexicographic order and simulates ğ‘€' on each string in turn. If ğ‘€' rejects a string, ğ‘' outputs the string, and if ğ‘€' accepts or loops forever on a string, ğ‘' moves on to the next string.

We can now construct a new string ğ‘ ' as follows: if the ğ‘–-th symbol of the ğ‘–-th string in lexicographic order is "0", then the ğ‘–-th symbol of ğ‘ ' is "0", and if the ğ‘–-th symbol of the ğ‘–-th string in lexicographic order is "1", then the ğ‘–-th symbol of ğ‘ ' is "1". Since ğ‘ ' has odd length, ğ‘€' either accepts or loops forever on ğ‘ '.

Now consider the set of all possible strings, both even and odd length. Since ğ‘€' is a corecognizer for ğ¿, it corecognizes all even length strings. By construction, ğ‘' will eventually output every even length string that ğ‘€' rejects. However, since ğ‘ ' is odd length, ğ‘€' will accept or loop forever on ğ‘ ', and ğ‘' will never output ğ‘ '. Therefore, ğ¿ cannot be corecognized by any Turing machine, and is not TM
